maybe in ceará because did you know
today is National Pancake Day it is a
totally President Obama this morning
pardoned to pancake on the White House
lawn his wife won't let him eat them so
he had to its natural Pancake Day was
established back in 2006 by IHOP which
means it's into international holiday I
hop today gave three pancakes to anyone
that came in which is a scary thing to
do now that marijuana is legal in 23
states a waitress could lose a hand but
hey I'm an idiot let's see who in our
virtual studio audience tonight
celebrated National Pancake Day
fire up the wall of America let's take a
look at you
these people are watching the show from
their houses their offices wherever
hello everyone are you doing see they're
all talking at once it's perfect well
let's start with them Sharon here who's
right here Sharon from Manassas Virginia
hello how are you Sharon how are you I'm
doing well did you celebrate National
Pancake Day today actually I did I'm
gonna deal today you or what I went to
the dam today to the jail
yeah Oh to the gym oh yeah alright so
instead of pancakes you chose exercise
what do you do for a living Sharon I am
a sexual health educator really what
does that mean that means that I helped
to keep married women marry single women
safe and all women educated about their
sexual health Oh like that as this right
has just Fifty Shades of Grey thrown
like a handcuff or a wrench into the
proceedings with you no it hasn't it has
up business tremendous yeah well
congratulations well nice to meet you
Sharon happy National Pancake Day let's
go next to a Niko's Niko's got
headphones on I assume he's listening to
us and not listening to music Niko I see
you're from Gainesville Florida tell us
a little bit about yourself okay I am in
Gatesville go Gators University of
Florida I am right here um I actually
did not celebrate National Pancake Day I
wanted to take my mom I wanted to take
my mom but she thought there was some
sort of catch like we had the like
really tip the waiters or something yeah
eat inside or something so we didn't go
you wouldn't want to do that no what are
you you're going to Florida right now
yes yes sir
what are you studying there I am
studying telecom production I want to be
a sports reporter or a sports anchor oh
very good all right well good luck to
you Joe nice to meet you hey gimme let
me go to Harold because Carol please
please tell me that you celebrated
National Pancake Day oh no I do not
believe why not oh because I was eating
barbecue today for one you're eating
part again all right that's a good
reason what do you do for a living
Harold I am the general manager of a
semi-professional football team the West
Texas chillers Oh the West Texas
drillers I never heard of that what it's
a you get big crowds that come to the
game oh yeah you win big crowd big
crowds the drillers huh
yeah why let our mascot looks a lot like
continue it does it really yes I have a
bottle made up in right here oh let me
have a look there yeah it's a dead
ringer why is he wearing a baseball a
batting helmet for a football team
that's a hard hat he's a driller in the
oil field oh I see
see well maybe we'll hook them up with
Sharon and they can get some sexual
education going all right well thank you
Harold happy national so nobody
celebrated National Pancake Day today
but by the way if you want to be a part
of the wall America it's easy you go to
Jimmy Kimmel Live calm and all the
information is there oh thanks goodbye
to everybody that's the loan
hi I'm Jimmy Kimmel thanks for watching
it means a lot to me and if you'd like
to take our relationship to the next
level click the subscribe button below
I'll wait for you